Policy location mentioned (#5774)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/interactive-logon-machine-inactivity-limit.md

## Reference

> Beginning with Windows Server 2012 and Windows 8, Windows detects user-input inactivity of a sign-in (logon) session by using the security policy setting **Interactive logon: Machine inactivity limit**. If the amount of inactive time exceeds the inactivity limit set by this policy, then the user’s session locks by invoking the screen saver (screen saver should be active on the destination machine. You can activate screen saver by enableing Group Policy at User Configuration\Administrative Templates\Control Panel\Personalization\ "Enable screen saver"). This policy setting allows you to control the locking time by using Group Policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with Windows Server 2012 and Windows 8, Windows detects user-input inactivity of a sign-in (logon) session by using the security policy setting **Interactive logon: Machine inactivity limit**. If the amount of inactive time exceeds the inactivity limit set by this policy, then the user’s session locks by invoking the screen saver (screen saver should be active on the destination machine. You can activate the screen saver by enabling the Group Policy **User Configuration\Administrative Templates\Control Panel\Personalization\Enable screen saver**). This policy setting allows you to control the locking time by using Group Policy.
```
- enableing -> enabling
- joined the GPO "Enable screen saver" to the path of the object
- marked the full path including object with bold text format
- added definite article "the" in a couple of places where it was missing

> Beginning with Windows Server 2012 and Windows 8, Windows detects user-input inactivity of a sign-in (logon) session by using the security policy setting **Interactive logon: Machine inactivity limit**. If the amount of inactive time exceeds the inactivity limit set by this policy, then the user’s session locks by invoking the screen saver (screen saver should be active on the destination machine. You can activate the screen saver by enabling the Group Policy **User Configuration\Administrative Templates\Control Panel\Personalization\Enable screen saver**). This policy setting allows you to control the locking time by using Group Policy.

Reviewer: Sorry, I overlooked where a closing parenthesis belonged in the modified text:
```suggestion
Beginning with Windows Server 2012 and Windows 8, Windows detects user-input inactivity of a sign-in (logon) session by using the security policy setting **Interactive logon: Machine inactivity limit**. If the amount of inactive time exceeds the inactivity limit set by this policy, then the user’s session locks by invoking the screen saver (screen saver should be active on the destination machine). You can activate the screen saver by enabling the Group Policy **User Configuration\Administrative Templates\Control Panel\Personalization\Enable screen saver**. This policy setting allows you to control the locking time by using Group Policy.
```

Reviewer: The closing parenthesis is moved to the end of this sentence: (screen saver should be active on the destination machine).
